Get Snapshots API Search Parameter (#74551)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/snapshot-restore/apis/get-snapshot-api.asciidoc

The number of remaining snapshots that were not returned due to size limits and that can be fetched by additional requests using the `next`
field value.

`search`::
(string)
A search string to filter snapshots by. The search string can specify a query against the fields `repository` (repository name),
`name` (snapshot name) or `policy` (the SLM policy name that created the snapshot if it was created by SLM).

> Supported operations are `=` for exact text match and `:` for partial text match. Starting the query string on a `-`, means that all

Reviewer: It'd help a great deal to have a bunch of examples here.

Author: ++ will add some more

snapshots matching it should be excluded from the results.

> Defaults to `null`, meaning no search string filtering is applied.

Reviewer: Probably confusing to say it defaults to `null`, because if you pass `?search=null` you won't get the default behaviour at all. How about this?

```suggestion
By default if this parameter is omitted then no search string filtering is applied.
```

Author: ++

> NOTE: The search string filtering is applied after the repository and snapshot name patterns in the url path.

Author: I think now that we're backing repository name and snapshot name out of this, there's no need to spell this out explicitly any longer. Will remove once we've settled on the breaking changes.

      "feature_states": [],
      "include_global_state": true,
      "state": "SUCCESS",
      "start_time": "2020-07-06T21:55:18.130Z",

>       "start_time_in_millis": 1593093628851,

Author: Fixed up the example values to a. actually make sense and be consistent across examples (not necessary but I found it nicer for readers) but also so that i have different timestamps/durations on all examples so that the test body replacements work properly.
